Adding Group Mentions (#3650)
mattermost/docs: source/help/messaging/mentioning-teammates.rst

.. code-block:: none

  @here can someone do a quick review of this?
  
@groupname (BETA)(E20)
~~~~~

> System admins can enable mentions for [LDAP synced groups](https://docs.mattermost.com/deployment/ldap-group-sync.html) via the group configuration page. Once enabled for a specific group, users will be able to mention and notify the entire group  (similar to @channel or @all). Every member of that group who is also present in the channel the mention was posted, will receive a notification. The user who's post included the mention will have the option to invite group members who are not already members of the channel in which the post was made. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System Admins can enable mentions for `LDAP synced groups <https://docs.mattermost.com/deployment/ldap-group-sync.html>`_ via the Group Configuration page. 

Once enabled for a specific group, users will be able to mention and notify the entire group (similar to @channel or @all). Every member of the group who is also present in the channel the mention was posted, will receive a notification. If members of the group mentioned are not members of the channel, the user who posted the mention is prompted to invite them. 

Group mention identifiers (slugs) use the LDAP group name by default, but they can be customized and renamed. 
```

> Group mention identfiers (slugs) use the LDAP group name by defualt, but they can also be custmoized/renamed. 

Reviewer: This can be removed (it's included in the comment above).

> As with @username mentions, type @ to bring up a list of groups who can be mentioned. To filter the list, type the first few letters of any group. Use the UP and DOWN arrow keys to scroll through entries in the list, and then press ENTER to select the group to mention. *note: this functionality is not yet supported on mobile.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with @username mentions, use *@* to bring up a list of groups that can be mentioned. To filter the list, type the first few letters of any group. Use the UP and DOWN arrow keys to scroll through entries in the list, and then press ENTER to select the group to mention.
```

.. code-block:: none

  @here can someone do a quick review of this?
  

> @groupname (BETA)(E20)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@groupname (Beta)(E20)
```

> ~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~
```

System Admins can enable mentions for `LDAP synced groups <https://docs.mattermost.com/deployment/ldap-group-sync.html>`_ via the Group Configuration page.

**Note**: This functionality is not yet supported on mobile.

> Once enabled for a specific group, users will be able to mention and notify the entire group (similar to @channel or @all). Every member of the group who is also present in the channel the mention was posted, will receive a notification. If members of the group mentioned are not members of the channel, the user who posted the mention is prompted to invite them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once enabled for a specific group, users can mention and notify the entire group in a channel (similar to @channel or @all). Members of the group in that channel will receive a notification. If members of the group mentioned are not members of the channel, the user who posted the mention is prompted to invite them.
```

> Group mention identifiers (slugs) use the LDAP group name by default, but they can be customized and renamed.

Reviewer: Should we indicate how/where to customize the slugs?

> Group mention identifiers (slugs) use the LDAP group name by default, but they can be customized and renamed from the group configuration page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group mention identifiers (slugs) use the LDAP group name by default. You can customize/rename the slug via **System Console > Groups (Beta)**. Select **Edit** next to the group you want to edit.
```
Question here: Following the instructions I've added, I can't see where to change the slug. When clicking **Edit** the group profile section where the name is, is greyed out. Is the **Group Mention** field the slug field?

Reviewer: I'm happy with the changes, but want to confirm this as it may be confusing to customers who want to change the slug and don't know where/how.

> Group mention identifiers (slugs) use the LDAP group name by default. You can customize/rename the slug via **System Console > Groups (Beta)**. Select **Edit** next to the group you want to edit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group mention identifiers (slugs) use the LDAP group name by default. You can customize/rename the slug via **System Console > Groups (Beta)**. Select **Edit** next to the group you want to edit.
```
@thefactremains, is this correct? I wasn't able to confirm on my side and am wondering whether it was an issue on my side or the steps I provided are inaccurate. :)

Reviewer: @thefactremains, should we leave this in here or remove it?

> Group mention identifiers (slugs) use the LDAP group name by default. You can customize/rename the slug via **System Console > Groups (Beta)**. Select **Edit** next to the group you want to edit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group mention identifiers (slugs) use the LDAP group name by default. To customize/rename the slug:

1. Open **System Console > Groups (Beta)**. 
2. Select **Edit** next to the group you want to edit. 
3. In **Group Profile > Group Mention** enter the new slug. 
4. Select **Save** 
```

> As with @username mentions, use *@* to bring up a list of groups that can be mentioned. To filter the list, type the first few letters of any group. Use the UP and DOWN arrow keys to scroll through entries in the list, and then press ENTER to select the group to mention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with @username mentions, use *@* to bring up a list of groups that can be mentioned. To filter the list, type the first few letters of any group. Use the UP and DOWN arrow keys to scroll through entries in the list, and then press ENTER to select the group you want to mention.
```

.. code-block:: none

  @here can someone do a quick review of this?
  
@groupname (Beta)(E20)
~~~~~~~~~~

System Admins can enable mentions for `LDAP synced groups <https://docs.mattermost.com/deployment/ldap-group-sync.html>`_ via the Group Configuration page.

**Note**: This functionality is not yet supported on mobile.

Once enabled for a specific group, users can mention and notify the entire group in a channel (similar to @channel or @all). Members of the group in that channel will receive a notification. If members of the group mentioned are not members of the channel, the user who posted the mention is prompted to invite them.

Group mention identifiers (slugs) use the LDAP group name by default. To customize/rename the slug:

1. Open **System Console > Groups (Beta)**. 
2. Select **Edit** next to the group you want to edit. 
3. In **Group Profile > Group Mention** enter the new slug. 

> 4. Select **Save** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select **Save**.
```

Recent Mentions
---------------

> Click **@** next to the search box to query for your most recent @mentions and words that trigger mentions. Click **Jump** next to a search result in the right-hand sidebar to jump the center pane to the channel and location of the message with the mention. *Note: this does not include LDAP group mentions*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **@** next to the search box to query for your most recent @mentions and words that trigger mentions (excluding LDAP group mentions). Click **Jump** next to a search result in the right-hand sidebar to jump the center pane to the channel and location of the message with the mention.
```

Confirmation dialogue warnings
---------------

> Any mention that will trigger notifications for over five users, a confirmation dialog will appear requiring confirmation from the user posting the mention before sending notifications to those users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any mention that will trigger notifications for more than five users, the user posting the mention must confirm the action before sending the notifications. 
```

> *Dialog will only appear when the following setting is enabled: TeamSettings.EnableConfirmNotificationsToChannel*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This confirmation dialog only appears when ``TeamSettings.EnableConfirmNotificationsToChannel`` in ``config.json`` is enabled.
```

> *This warning is not displayed for group mentions on mobile*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This warning is not displayed for group mentions on mobile*
```
Do we need to add this, if the feature isn't supported on mobile yet?

Author: @justinegeffen the feature is supported on mobile, but this part of it is not.

Reviewer: Gotcha. :)

Reviewer: I've added a suggestion above; if you're happy with it then we can remove this line as it's added to the previous one.

Author: agreed. will remove this line

Highlighting
---------------

> All valid mentions will have highlighted font text (with some exceptions, for example if mentions are disabled at the channel level). This text becomes a hyperlink when it displays a username. When clicked, the profile popover is displayed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid mentions will have highlighted font text with some exceptions, for example if mentions are disabled at the channel level. The highlighted text becomes a hyperlink when a username is displayed. When the username is clicked, the profile popover is displayed. 
```

> All mentions that trigger a notification, the user who is being notified will see highlighted font text and highlighted font background. This functions as an identifier of what mentions in the post triggered a notification for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When mentions trigger a notification, the user who is being notified will see highlighted font text and highlighted font background. This functions as an identifier of what mentions in the post triggered a notification for the user.
```

Recent Mentions
---------------

Click **@** next to the search box to query for your most recent @mentions and words that trigger mentions (excluding LDAP group mentions). Click **Jump** next to a search result in the right-hand sidebar to jump the center pane to the channel and location of the message with the mention.

Confirmation dialog warnings
---------------

For any mention that will trigger notifications for more than five users, the user posting the mention must confirm the action before sending the notifications. 

> This confirmation dialog only appears when ``TeamSettings.EnableConfirmNotificationsToChannel`` in ``config.json`` is enabled and is not displayed for group mentions on mobile. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This confirmation dialog only appears when ``TeamSettings.EnableConfirmNotificationsToChannel`` in ``config.json`` is enabled and is not displayed for group mentions on mobile. 
```
Question: Should we refer to Group Mentions as per the UI or group mentions?

Highlighting
---------------

Valid mentions will have highlighted font text with some exceptions, for example if mentions are disabled at the channel level. The highlighted text becomes a hyperlink when a username is displayed. When the username is clicked, the profile popover is displayed. 

> When mentions trigger a notification, the user who is being notified will see highlighted font text and highlighted font background. This functions as an identifier of what mentions in the post triggered a notification for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When mentions trigger a notification, the user being notified will see highlighted font text and highlighted font background. This functions as an identifier of which mentions in the post triggered a notification for the user.
```

Recent Mentions
---------------

> Click **@** next to the search box to query for your most recent @mentions and words that trigger mentions (excluding LDAP group mentions). Click **Jump** next to a search result in the right-hand sidebar to jump the center pane to the channel and location of the message with the mention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **@** next to the search box to query for your most recent @mentions and words that trigger mentions (excluding LDAP group mentions). Select **Jump** next to a search result in the right-hand sidebar to jump the center pane to the channel and location of the message with the mention.
```

Confirmation dialog warnings
---------------

For any mention that will trigger notifications for more than five users, the user posting the mention must confirm the action before sending the notifications. 

> This confirmation dialog only appears when ``TeamSettings.EnableConfirmNotificationsToChannel`` in ``config.json`` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This confirmation dialog only appears when ``TeamSettings.EnableConfirmNotificationsToChannel`` in ``config.json`` is enabled and is not displayed for group mentions on mobile. 
```

> *This warning is not displayed for group mentions on mobile*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This warning is not displayed for group mentions on mobile. 
```
